a 2d platformer 16 bit pixels where a dad that is a pumpkin goes through multiple levels with enemys that are kitchen supplies or food and the levels have spikes spikeyballs saws moving platforms either up and down or side to side and also there is springs that launch you up and there is boxes that you can push and buttons that you can press to unlock button blocks and there is balloons that you can go on and they sping you up and then pop. There is also a boss at the end of every world and in every world there is ten levels including the boss level. And there is 5 worlds. The boss of the first world is a cheese shredder that tries to jump on you and you kill it by pressing a button and then the button blocks dissapear and then the boss falls into a pit with springs and springs to the ceiling which has spikes on it. you have to do that 3 times to kill him. you die when you touch water, spikes, saws,spike balls,enemies and bosses. you can only kill bosses not enemies. to move press the arrow buttons, and to jump press space bar. and at the end of every level you find one of your kids which are mini pumkins and they say something funny every time you find them. And when you touch a kid you jump backwards and land and then talk to the kid.


Technical notes:
1. We want to be able to ship this on the web and mobile web so it shoudl be playable on iPad / iPhone / laptop / etc.
2. Ideally it should not have any backend requirements, just static javascript and images / video / audio files.
3. Ideally use an off the shelf game engine in javascript or similar. Open to ideas.